hello it's aaron young from define
digital academy and i'm your 15 000 hour
google ads master in this lesson we're
talking about ad copy and i'm actually
going to share with you my four key
strategies that you need to include in
all of your ads so that you can make
sure that people are clicking on your
ads you don't want people just to see
your ads you want them to click on your
ads and these are four skills that i've
that created and put together over hours
and hours and years of different split
testing and different trials that we're
in testing that we've done in different
google ads campaigns
but before we get into that teaching i
actually want to offer you a free gift
and it's a free gift for anyone and it's
just to say my way i say thank you for
joining this training and staying to the
end of the training and what it actually
is is it's my google ads optimization
checklist now this is a checklist that
i've developed over quite a number of
years and i still use this checklist
every day
now what this checklist does is this
checklist actually breaks down what you
need to do in your google ads campaigns
to achieve the best results every 72
hours
what you need to be doing every week
what you need to be doing every month
and what you need to be doing every
three months and it's something i want
to give with you and just share with you
for free to say thank you
so that's going to be around at the end
but right now let's jump into this
training of the four techniques that you
need in your google ads copy
okay so let's get into writing ad copy
for google ads what i wanted to do
firstly is i just wanted to actually
take you through so you actually know
what this copy is gonna look like and
what i'm actually showing you is three
of my best performing ads in a campaign
that we run for our villa resort that
we've got in bali so what you're looking
at here is as you can see is that this
is what your ads look like on mobile
and the first thing i want you actually
notice is the the first thing that
really sticks out is this what's in the
yellow is what's called your headlines
now you have three different headlines
and then underneath that and the green
is what we call our descriptions but
what i really want you to take notice of
is that the headlines are
a lot more evident than the descriptions
so when you're looking at writing your
ad copy you really want to focus in on
your headlines not now that's not saying
that the descriptions aren't important
but just saying you need to remember and
look at when someone's doing a google
search they've got a whole bunch of
different ads and a whole bit different
listings they're going to be seeing if
you don't focus and you don't absolutely
knock your headlines out of the park
you're just not going to get cut through
and then what i've also just wanted to
show you is this what it looks like in
your desktop down here
and these little elements in red is
what's called site link extensions now
we're not going to focus on these
extensions today because you've also got
in the blue there your call extensions
on because i'm just focusing on your
headlines and descriptions but i just
didn't want to mention them because it
is an important thing to consider
especially on mobile with the site link
extensions in the call extension just by
adding those you can double the size of
your ad
so it is an important element but as i
said today we're just focusing in on
these headlines and descriptions
all right so what you do need to know
about google ads is that it's it is
short form so you've only got three
headlines that you can use with 30
characters each you got two descriptions
for 90 characters each and you can
actually edit the display path urls for
15 characters each
so any way you look at it you've only
got a really really small window to grab
someone's attention and this is also
putting it in the context of your one ad
of potentially four ads that could be
appearing at the top of the screen
depending on what niche you're operating
in there could be image ads there could
be shopping ads it could be google map
ads so you've really got to make sure
that your ads are going to grab their
attention
and one of the free pro tips i did want
to give you on this is something just as
simple as capitalizing so capitalizing
the first letter of every word within
your ads is a great way to help your ads
stand out it doesn't violate adwords
policies and capitalization and and two
companies word stream and periscopic
have conducted studies into the effects
of using title case on the click-through
ratio ctr and found that ad copy with
title case outperform sentence case so
what i mean by that
is
for example book your appointment now if
you just capitalize the first letter of
every word it just helps it stand out
and this is something that i've tested
in my own campaigns and i contain that
this this really does make a big
difference to your campaign so there's
one just free ad tip that's going to
save you a lot of stress
all right now i want to get into the
four things that you need to focus on in
your headlines so we've already
established and i've given you that
example and showing you why headlines
are so important and the reason is is
because they're in that bolder blue font
and they just they just stand out more
so look what as i sort of said there is
you can see through here thing that you
notice straight away is the those dark
blue headlines
so you know you remember you've only got
a couple of seconds probably not even
that probably less than a second to grab
their attention
your headlines are bold and blue so they
stand out more than the descriptions so
if your headlines do not grab their
attention they won't even read your
descriptions let alone click on your ad
so the four things you need in your
headlines
is firstly you need to have keyword
focus
now the reason for this is this actually
improves your ctr or click-through ratio
which is the percentage of times that
people see your ad versus they click on
it
and the reason for this is that they
actually see what they're searching for
so if someone was to do a search for you
know buy you know they're wanting to buy
men's shoes and your first headline says
buy men's shoes here you've got a really
good chance of them clicking on your ad
now the other thing that does help is as
well is that google also includes
keyword focus in their ad quality scores
and that's just a reminder that
ultimately google's focus here in in all
of their search is they want to match
search your intent
with ads and websites that are that are
matching what they're looking for so if
you really make sure that your your
headline includes that keyword focus
you're going to be the first step on the
way to getting them to click on your ad
the second thing is a brand mention now
for me this is a no-brainer you're
paying for the ads so don't waste the
opportunity to get your brand name in
front of people i am surprised at how
many people don't do this it's a simple
one
include your brand name in your ads
the other one is a strong call to action
and this is another one and it's quite a
simple question of what do you want them
to do just to to do today or what
benefit will they get do you want them
to call you do you want them to book now
do you want them to buy your products do
you have a salon at the moment you've
got to be a really really remembering
that you've only got their attention for
a little bit
why should they click on the ad what
benefit are you giving them for them to
click on your ad right now and the last
one is i'll just lift this up is use
emotional triggers and what we're
talking about here is you know how in
your ad can you use things like
curiosity amusement can you make them
laugh
can you make them feel pain and sadness
what are those different emotional
triggers that you can use so that you're
you're drawing drawing them into your ad
and wanting them to click through
so here are my my three historically
best performing ads so you can see with
this one
straight away off the bat now obviously
this is for villa resort in bali it's
specifically in seminyak and it's one
bedroom villas and you can see right off
the bat one bedroom seminar villa so
we've got that keyword focus so we've
got this ad targeting for one bedroom
simian villa searches and this alone
just puts us so far ahead of our
competition because a lot of people
don't do this
people are searching one bedroom seminar
villa they see it straight there the
second thing that we have got on there
is that we found whenever we've included
the salon now we put you know save up to
now this one has been a winner for us
and this is this curiosity and humor the
simple line skinny dip in your own pool
these villas are private villas with a
you know three meter wall around them so
and they've each got their own pool so
it really sets the stuff up to people
can if they want to they can skinny dip
in their own pool
we know we've had people actually make
bookings because we've advertised that
you can skinny dip in our pools
and you know it's it's something a
little bit fun it creates some curiosity
but ultimately what it does do is it
gets them onto my website so then we can
continue the sales process
the second ad
as i said before brand mentioned
straight away we just went my villas and
barley and we get that mentioned out
there the second one
a keyword focus this one's actually
focusing the luxury semiac villas so we
put that in there and then this other
one the last one guaranteed best price
now this was it's a fear emotion so what
we're actually doing is we're removing
that fear with a guarantee that we're
guaranteeing that you will get the best
price by booking direct with us
and then the last one is a bit of a mix
and that's we've got the strong keyword
focus
and a strong call to action and this one
will actually put in how much they're
actually saving sail on now save 45
and that has also worked really really
well for us so so you can see through
here what we're looking at doing is with
your ads is we're testing different of
the four different elements we're
testing different ones together
but the biggest one that we've always
find is is that you need to include that
fear or that curiosity and the humorous
that emotional trigger and also that
strong call to action why should they
click on your ads today
now that we've shared those four key
elements what i do want to talk about is
just really really quickly is how you go
about and writing your ads and
one thing that i do strongly recommend
is that before you get into google ads
and actually start writing at your ads i
would actually create a google sheet and
generally what i do here if you've
watched our keyword research video and
if you haven't done that in the
description i've actually linked to that
keyword research video is that
you've already created your keywords in
a in a google sheet now what you're
actually doing you've actually broken
that into your campaigns and your ad
groups now i add this other little
column here which is called a focus
keyword column what that actually allows
me to do is it just it just gives me a
really strong reminder of all the
different ads that i'm writing for this
campaign this one bedroom villa seminyak
is that i need to remember that i need
to include
one bedroom villa seminyak in the
keywords in in the headline somewhere so
i'll go this one in here one bedroom
villa seminyak to the headline two down
here
and then for the two bedroom villa
similar similar thing i'll change that
obviously to be a two bedroom villa
seminyak two bedroom villa seminar in
there and then we're putting in our
different car to actions you know
guaranteed best price can you skinny dip
in your own pool the other thing that
this does allow is it basically you can
cut and copy and check it all through
and you know for these ones this this ad
copy is right to go i just need to
change that one bedroom seminar villa to
two-bedroom seminar villa and then i can
essentially use the same ad copy so it
also makes it a lot i find it makes it a
lot easier because you can just cut and
copy it into your sheet and then when
you're ready to put into google ads it's
just a matter of uploading it or cutting
and copying it into there look there's
my tips for your success in google ads
remembering those four key elements and
especially focusing on that you've got
to have that strong call to action and
also that emotional trigger
so i hope that's been of some some help
today as i said in the description we're
going to have the link to the keyword
research and as i also said if you do
have any questions please post a comment
below i do come back and check these
videos and i'll reply and help you as
much as we can so you can see success in
your google ads campaigns
now as promised here is your free gift
so if you just go to
defineddigitalacademy.com
google ads checklist i'll put this link
in the description as well that will
take you through to a special page on my
website where you can access that
document so you can actually see how i
go about optimizing my campaigns every
72 hours every week every month and
every year thanks again for sticking
around it's been a pleasure teaching you
and i look forward to seeing you soon